Improve web documentation (#5205)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/guide/advanced-configuration.md

```
#VRML_SIM R2022b utf8
```

> **Note**: Version lower that R2022b are not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Webots versions lower that R2022b are not supported.
```

To work, your assets folder must correspond to the version of Webots that is in the docker.

For more informations about assets, see [here](installation-procedure.md#asset-cache-download).

> **Note** This is already implemented in the dockers provided by Cyberbotics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This is already implemented in the Docker images provided by Cyberbotics.
```
